# CS210-3-3-Project-One
A project completed for CS210-Programming Languages course.

This project required me to develop a program that took a user input for a specific time, then manipulate that time into a 12-hr and 24-hr clock. The program required a menu, with options to add different increments of time to the clock and update both displays appropriately. As a first project learning how to utilize C++ I believe I did a good job modularizing my program into functions that made sense and followed industry standards of clarity, consistency, and efficiency. Looking back at this program, I could have modularized more of the main function to only include the main program loop or modularize the entire program into separate functions, only returning values to end the program. Having learned classes in module 4 after this project was submitted, I believe this program could benefit with that organization. One other critique I have, is the cout statements for the menu could have been shorthanded for the asterisks, but that is me being picky.

One of the issues I remember having from this program was learning how to pass parameters to the different functions. Particulary, the TimeHandling() function, I had to account for 00:00:00 and 12:00:00 time values not outputting correctly for the ShowClock() function. I believe embedding the function call to ShowClock() within TimeHandling() made the program easy to follow and navigate. As stated before, now that I am a lot more comfortable utilizing functions and classes, all of the additional lines of code within main() could have been inside separate functions to enhance modularity. A couple of tools I utilized for this project was the course textbook and mainly Stack Overflow.

The skills I developed in this program, mainly modular and incremental programming seriously helped me develop not only this project, but my other projects and assignments throughout the semester. These two skills saved me a lot of time from bugfixing unorganized code and doing too many changes at once without testing as I went. I made this program maintainable, by organizing most of its design into functions with a specific role, such as to display the clock or to display the user menu. Inline comments and consistent naming conventions for my variables and functions make my program easy to follow line by line. This program can continue to be built upon and adapted, by possibly changing the user input to instead get the initial time from the users computer and manipulate the clock that way, or as mentioned before modularize the code in main() into more functions such as ValidateInput() and InputLoop() for example to make it even clearer the function of those lines of code.
